Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department
Deputy Commissioner's Office.
Ref: R.C.No.377/74-25 dated 19.11.1974.
Subject: Tamil Nadu Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Act and Minor Immoveable Properties.
Nagapattinam
1963 Estate
Regarding the grant of a pattah.
View: In view of the details provided in the notice bearing No. 377/74-2 A5 dated 2.8.74.
Attention of the trustees of the temples mentioned in the schedule in the notice is drawn. Further, with regard to the grant of the pattah, details are required to be submitted immediately by 30.11.1974 as per the prescribed format.
They are requested to:
1) Provide details of the additional lands owned as part of the temple property under the Tamil Nadu Religious and Charitable Endowments Act.
2) Provide details of the lands granted under the Tamil Nadu Religious and Charitable Endowments Act in the name of the temple as "Pappa" (separately).
3) (a) In the lands granted under the name of the temple, in the two lands specified:
(1) How much land is there in the immediate vicinity of the temple? The income derived from it (separately).
(2) How much land has been alienated for cultivation? The income derived from it (separately).
3) Provide details of the lands granted to the trustees under the Tamil Nadu Estates Minor Inam Abolition Act.
4) Provide details of the lands granted under the Tamil Nadu Estates Minor Inam Abolition Act in the name of the temple (as per color 2).
The income derived from it (separately).
5) Provide details of the lands granted under the Tamil Nadu Land Revenue and Minor Immoveable Properties Act in the name of the temple.
The income derived from the lands granted to the trustees for the time being in the lands specified.
Currently, the income derived from the lands granted to the temple for the cultivation of paddy is to be deposited. The opposition to the temple's grant amount details (separately).
Case No. 201174.
Recipient:
I. from Cor
For the Trustees.
Managing Trustee, Swarkapura Madam, Koilthirumahalam, Nannilam Taluk.