Clause 1
Serial No. 12.
(To be seen in Form 35)
Under Section 27(3) and 27(4) of the Chennai General Trusts (Regulation of Agricultural Land Management) Act, 1961, the power to recover rent and to appoint an officer to enforce the same shall be vested in the competent authority as prescribed to be exercised by the competent officer.
1. Name and address of the applicant
2. Name and address of the person who will act as the guardian for the purpose of the application, whether an executor or a general trustee-trustee.
3. Details of the land in question
1. District
2. Taluk
3. Village
4. Survey No. or the name of the street
5. East or West
boundary. (A. Saint).
4. Terms of recovering the rent.
6. Further, all supervisory authorities shall take action in accordance with Section 1383 of the Tamil Nadu General Trusts Act, 27th section, and as per Sections 32, 33, 34, 35 of the Act, in the places specified in the Act, the copies of which are annexed hereto. Additionally,
7. All concerned parties are hereby notified to submit a petition in accordance with the instructions provided. In paragraph 3, it is further stated that all supervisory authorities shall issue a warning to the owners of the lands affected by the floods that occurred on 16-9-73, to take necessary precautions and to submit details of the lands affected by the floods within a specified time frame. Furthermore, as per paragraph 4, all supervisory authorities are instructed to take necessary action as specified in the 1382 section, and to submit details of the rent recovery in the 1382 section to all supervisory authorities by 1-12-73. A report is to be submitted to the respective authorities in the specified format, as well as a request for recovery of rent. The bags of grain and tarpaulins that were prepared in advance should be brought to the temple premises in large quantities before the onset of the monsoon, without spoiling them due to rain, and the concerned supervisors should take necessary action. This action should also include a weekly report, a request for payment, and details of the rent recovery in the 1382 section, which all supervisory authorities are requested to submit by 1-12-73. Additionally, a report should be submitted to the authorities of the Tanjavur Kandiyur Arulmigu Brahma Sira Kandeeswarar Temple, Arulmigu Arasappa Perumal Temple, Meemisal Arulmigu Kalyana Temple, Papnasam Temple, Papnasam Arulmigu Iramalingaswami Temple, Mannargudi Temple, Needa Mangalam Arulmigu Sandhanaramaswamy Temple, Poovanoor Arulmigu Sathurangavallabhanathaswami Temple, Kumbakonam Arulmigu Sarangapani Temple, Nachiyar Kovil Chinnavasappa Perumal Temple, Mayuram Temple, Mushneer Arulmigu Ma Mayeeswarar Temple, Tharangambadi Arulmigu Masila Nathar Varadaraja Perumal Temple, Seerkazhi Vadakal Temple, Thirunagari Kalyana Renganathar Temple, Naga Pattinam Arulmigu Kaya Rogana Swami Temple, Neelayathatchi Amman Keezhvelur Atchayalinga Swami Temple, Devur Arulmigu Devapureeswarar Temple, Thiruthuraipoondi Vadakal Temple, Koyiloor Arulmigu Mandirapureeswarar Temple, Vedaranyam Arulmigu Vedanayeeswarar Temple, Nannilam Temple, Tiru Arulmigu Irathinakreeswarar Temple, Thirumayilsoor Arulmigu Meghanatha Swami Temple, Thirupugalur Arulmigu Agneeswarar Temple, and other temples, that the work of the laborers of the temples will be monitored closely, and they will be required to submit details of the lands in each section for inspection and to provide details of the rent recovery. Before the action is taken, it is necessary to ensure that the activities are carried out in the manner specified, and if any discrepancies occur in the supervision, severe action will be taken against those responsible. This is the final notice.
(Signed)
T. S. Sankaranarayanan,
Assistant Officer.
(On the reverse side)
Signature of the applicant.